JAMES-3516 Update upgrade instructions follow adding threadId to ElasticSearch breaking change (#547)
apache/james-project: upgrade-instructions.md

Changes to apply between 3.6.x and 3.7.x will be reported here.

Change list:
 - [Adding the threadId to the ElasticSearch index](#adding-the-threadid-to-the-elasticsearch-index)

>  - [Rework message denormalization](#rework-message-denormalization)

Reviewer: While we are at it `### Adding threadId column to message metadata tables` is missing from this menu...

Can you add it?

### Adding the threadId to the ElasticSearch index

Date 22/07/2021

JIRA: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/JAMES-3516

Concerned product: Distributed James

Add threadId to James document mapping to enable thread query search.

> We already tell ElasticSearch how to index this new field for future document by the code, but we need to explicitly add this field to existing backing indices by doing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We alreadyhave this field as part of newly created mappings, but we need to explicitly add this field to existing indices by doing:
```
